GITHUB_SETUP.md, before:

# GitHub Repository Setup Guide

This guide will help you create a GitHub repository under the hyperstonekorea organization and connect your local hyperstone-website project.

## Step 1: Create GitHub Repository in Organization

1. Go to [GitHub.com](https://github.com) and sign in to your account
2. Navigate to the hyperstonekorea organization: https://github.com/hyperstonekorea
3. Click the "New" button or "+" icon and select "New repository"
4. Fill in the repository details:
   - **Owner**: Select `hyperstonekorea` from the dropdown
   - **Repository name**: `hyperstone-website`
   - **Description**: `HYPERSTONE company website - Professional construction and concrete solutions with DULITE products`
   - **Visibility**: Choose Public or Private based on your preference
   - **DO NOT** initialize with README, .gitignore, or license (since we already have a local repository)
5. Click "Create repository"

## Step 2: Connect Local Repository to GitHub

After creating the repository on GitHub, run these commands in your terminal:

```bash
# Navigate to your project directory (if not already there)
cd hyperstone-website

# Add the GitHub repository as remote origin
git remote add origin https://github.com/hyperstonekorea/hyperstone-website.git

# Push your code to GitHub for the first time
git push -u origin main
```

If you encounter authentication issues, you may need to:
1. Set up a Personal Access Token (PAT) for authentication
2. Or use SSH keys for authentication
3. Or use GitHub CLI: `gh auth login`

## Step 3: Verify the Connection

After pushing, you should see all your files on GitHub. The repository should contain:
- Complete Next.js 14 application
- All components and pages
- Configuration files
- Documentation

## Step 4: Optional - Set Up Branch Protection Rules

To protect your main branch:

1. Go to your repository on GitHub
2. Click on "Settings" tab
3. Click on "Branches" in the left sidebar
4. Click "Add rule" next to "Branch protection rules"
5. Configure the following settings:
   - **Branch name pattern**: `main`
   - ✅ **Require a pull request before merging**
   - ✅ **Require status checks to pass before merging**
   - ✅ **Require branches to be up to date before merging**
   - ✅ **Include administrators** (optional)

## Next Steps

Once your repository is set up on GitHub, you can:
1. Set up Vercel deployment by connecting your GitHub repository
2. Configure automated deployments on push to main branch
3. Set up environment variables in your deployment platform

## Repository Structure

Your repository now contains:
```
hyperstone-website/
├── src/                    # Source code
├── public/                 # Static assets
├── messages/              # Internationalization files
├── config/                # Configuration files
├── .env.example           # Environment variables template
├── package.json           # Dependencies
├── tailwind.config.ts     # Tailwind configuration
├── next.config.ts         # Next.js configuration
└── README.md              # Project documentation
```

## Important Files to Review

Before deployment, make sure to:
1. Update `.env.local` with your actual environment variables
2. Review `config/admin-settings.json` for admin panel settings
3. Check `CONTACT_FORM_SETUP.md` for email configuration instructions

Commit message:

Add collaborator setup documentation and permissions guide

GITHUB_SETUP.md, after:

# GitHub Repository Setup Guide

This guide will help you create a GitHub repository under the hyperstonekorea organization and connect your local hyperstone-website project.

## Step 1: Create GitHub Repository in Organization

1. Go to [GitHub.com](https://github.com) and sign in to your account
2. Navigate to the hyperstonekorea organization: https://github.com/hyperstonekorea
3. Click the "New" button or "+" icon and select "New repository"
4. Fill in the repository details:
   - **Owner**: Select `hyperstonekorea` from the dropdown
   - **Repository name**: `hyperstone-website`
   - **Description**: `HYPERSTONE company website - Professional construction and concrete solutions with DULITE products`
   - **Visibility**: Choose Public or Private based on your preference
   - **DO NOT** initialize with README, .gitignore, or license (since we already have a local repository)
5. Click "Create repository"

## Step 2: Connect Local Repository to GitHub

After creating the repository on GitHub, run these commands in your terminal:

```bash
# Navigate to your project directory (if not already there)
cd hyperstone-website

# Add the GitHub repository as remote origin
git remote add origin https://github.com/hyperstonekorea/hyperstone-website.git

# Push your code to GitHub for the first time
git push -u origin main
```

If you encounter authentication issues, you may need to:
1. Set up a Personal Access Token (PAT) for authentication
2. Or use SSH keys for authentication
3. Or use GitHub CLI: `gh auth login`

## Step 3: Verify the Connection

After pushing, you should see all your files on GitHub. The repository should contain:
- Complete Next.js 14 application
- All components and pages
- Configuration files
- Documentation

## Step 4: Add Collaborators and Manage Permissions

To give access to other users (like `hustlingup`):

### For Organization Repositories:
1. Go to your repository: https://github.com/hyperstonekorea/hyperstone-website
2. Click on "Settings" tab
3. Click on "Manage access" in the left sidebar
4. Click "Invite a collaborator" button
5. Enter the username: `hustlingup`
6. Select permission level:
   - **Read**: Can view and clone the repository
   - **Triage**: Can manage issues and pull requests
   - **Write**: Can push to the repository (recommended for developers)
   - **Maintain**: Can manage repository settings
   - **Admin**: Full access to the repository
7. Click "Add [username] to this repository"

### Alternative: Add to Organization
If you want to give broader access:
1. Go to https://github.com/hyperstonekorea
2. Click "People" tab
3. Click "Invite member"
4. Enter username: `hustlingup`
5. Choose role: Member or Owner
6. Send invitation

## Step 5: Optional - Set Up Branch Protection Rules

To protect your main branch:

1. Go to your repository on GitHub
2. Click on "Settings" tab
3. Click on "Branches" in the left sidebar
4. Click "Add rule" next to "Branch protection rules"
5. Configure the following settings:
   - **Branch name pattern**: `main`
   - ✅ **Require a pull request before merging**
   - ✅ **Require status checks to pass before merging**
   - ✅ **Require branches to be up to date before merging**
   - ✅ **Include administrators** (optional)

## Next Steps

Once your repository is set up on GitHub, you can:
1. Set up Vercel deployment by connecting your GitHub repository
2. Configure automated deployments on push to main branch
3. Set up environment variables in your deployment platform

## Repository Structure

Your repository now contains:
```
hyperstone-website/
├── src/                    # Source code
├── public/                 # Static assets
├── messages/              # Internationalization files
├── config/                # Configuration files
├── .env.example           # Environment variables template
├── package.json           # Dependencies
├── tailwind.config.ts     # Tailwind configuration
├── next.config.ts         # Next.js configuration
└── README.md              # Project documentation
```

## Important Files to Review

Before deployment, make sure to:
1. Update `.env.local` with your actual environment variables
2. Review `config/admin-settings.json` for admin panel settings
3. Check `CONTACT_FORM_SETUP.md` for email configuration instructions
