PUSH_TO_GITHUB.md, before:

# Push to GitHub - Step by Step Guide

## Current Status
✅ Local repository is ready with all commits  
✅ Remote origin is configured: `https://github.com/hyperstonekorea/hyperstone-website.git`  
⏳ **Next Step**: Create the GitHub repository and push

## Step 1: Create GitHub Repository

**You need to do this manually on GitHub:**

1. Go to https://github.com/hyperstonekorea
2. Click "New repository" (green button)
3. Repository settings:
   - **Repository name**: `hyperstone-website`
   - **Description**: `HYPERSTONE company website - Professional construction and concrete solutions with DULITE products`
   - **Visibility**: Public (recommended) or Private
   - **⚠️ IMPORTANT**: Do NOT check "Add a README file", "Add .gitignore", or "Choose a license"
4. Click "Create repository"

## Step 2: Push Your Code

After creating the repository on GitHub, run this command in your terminal:

```bash
git push -u origin main
```

## Step 3: Verify Success

After pushing, you should see:
- All your files on GitHub
- The complete HYPERSTONE website code
- All commits in the history

## If You Get Authentication Errors

If you see authentication errors when pushing, try one of these solutions:

### Option A: Use GitHub CLI (Recommended)
```bash
# Install GitHub CLI if not already installed
# Then authenticate
gh auth login

# Then push
git push -u origin main
```

### Option B: Use Personal Access Token
1. Go to GitHub Settings > Developer settings > Personal access tokens
2. Generate a new token with "repo" permissions
3. Use your username and the token as password when prompted

### Option C: Use SSH (Advanced)
1. Set up SSH keys in your GitHub account
2. Change remote URL to SSH:
```bash
git remote set-url origin git@github.com:hyperstonekorea/hyperstone-website.git
git push -u origin main
```

## What's in Your Repository

Your repository contains the complete HYPERSTONE website:

- ✅ Next.js 14 application with App Router
- ✅ TypeScript configuration
- ✅ Tailwind CSS with brand colors
- ✅ Internationalization (Korean/English)
- ✅ All page components (Hero, About, Products, Contact)
- ✅ Product detail pages
- ✅ Admin panel with authentication
- ✅ Contact form with email functionality
- ✅ Dynamic background system
- ✅ SEO optimization
- ✅ Responsive design
- ✅ Performance optimizations

## Next Steps After GitHub Setup

Once your code is on GitHub, you can:

1. **Deploy to Vercel**:
   - Connect your GitHub repository to Vercel
   - Set up environment variables
   - Enable automatic deployments

2. **Set up Domain**:
   - Configure hyperstone.co.kr domain
   - Set up SSL certificates

3. **Configure Email Service**:
   - Set up Gmail SMTP or SendGrid
   - Test contact form functionality

## Repository Information

- **Repository URL**: https://github.com/hyperstonekorea/hyperstone-website
- **Clone URL**: `git clone https://github.com/hyperstonekorea/hyperstone-website.git`
- **Main Branch**: `main`
- **Latest Commit**: Complete HYPERSTONE website implementation

## Need Help?

If you encounter any issues:
1. Check the GitHub repository exists at the correct URL
2. Verify your GitHub authentication
3. Make sure you have push permissions to the hyperstonekorea organization
4. Try the authentication solutions above

Commit message:

Add collaborator setup documentation and permissions guide

PUSH_TO_GITHUB.md, after:

# Push to GitHub - Step by Step Guide

## Current Status
✅ Local repository is ready with all commits  
✅ Remote origin is configured: `https://github.com/hyperstonekorea/hyperstone-website.git`  
⏳ **Next Step**: Create the GitHub repository and push

## Step 1: Create GitHub Repository

**You need to do this manually on GitHub:**

1. Go to https://github.com/hyperstonekorea
2. Click "New repository" (green button)
3. Repository settings:
   - **Repository name**: `hyperstone-website`
   - **Description**: `HYPERSTONE company website - Professional construction and concrete solutions with DULITE products`
   - **Visibility**: Public (recommended) or Private
   - **⚠️ IMPORTANT**: Do NOT check "Add a README file", "Add .gitignore", or "Choose a license"
4. Click "Create repository"

## Step 2: Push Your Code

After creating the repository on GitHub, run this command in your terminal:

```bash
git push -u origin main
```

## Step 3: Verify Success

After pushing, you should see:
- All your files on GitHub
- The complete HYPERSTONE website code
- All commits in the history

## If You Get Authentication Errors

If you see authentication errors when pushing, try one of these solutions:

### Option A: Use GitHub CLI (Recommended)
```bash
# Install GitHub CLI if not already installed
# Then authenticate
gh auth login

# Then push
git push -u origin main
```

### Option B: Use Personal Access Token
1. Go to GitHub Settings > Developer settings > Personal access tokens
2. Generate a new token with "repo" permissions
3. Use your username and the token as password when prompted

### Option C: Use SSH (Advanced)
1. Set up SSH keys in your GitHub account
2. Change remote URL to SSH:
```bash
git remote set-url origin git@github.com:hyperstonekorea/hyperstone-website.git
git push -u origin main
```

## What's in Your Repository

Your repository contains the complete HYPERSTONE website:

- ✅ Next.js 14 application with App Router
- ✅ TypeScript configuration
- ✅ Tailwind CSS with brand colors
- ✅ Internationalization (Korean/English)
- ✅ All page components (Hero, About, Products, Contact)
- ✅ Product detail pages
- ✅ Admin panel with authentication
- ✅ Contact form with email functionality
- ✅ Dynamic background system
- ✅ SEO optimization
- ✅ Responsive design
- ✅ Performance optimizations

## Next Steps After GitHub Setup

Once your code is on GitHub, you can:

1. **Add Collaborators**:
   - Go to repository Settings > Manage access
   - Invite `hustlingup` with Write permissions
   - Or add to hyperstonekorea organization

2. **Deploy to Vercel**:
   - Connect your GitHub repository to Vercel
   - Set up environment variables
   - Enable automatic deployments

3. **Set up Domain**:
   - Configure hyperstone.co.kr domain
   - Set up SSL certificates

4. **Configure Email Service**:
   - Set up Gmail SMTP or SendGrid
   - Test contact form functionality

## Repository Information

- **Repository URL**: https://github.com/hyperstonekorea/hyperstone-website
- **Clone URL**: `git clone https://github.com/hyperstonekorea/hyperstone-website.git`
- **Main Branch**: `main`
- **Latest Commit**: Complete HYPERSTONE website implementation

## Need Help?

If you encounter any issues:
1. Check the GitHub repository exists at the correct URL
2. Verify your GitHub authentication
3. Make sure you have push permissions to the hyperstonekorea organization
4. Try the authentication solutions above
